Incorporate DG feedback from issues (#350)
AY2425S1-CS2103-F12-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

<box type="info" seamless>

> **Note:** An alternative (arguably, a more OOP) model is given below. It has a `Tag` list in the `StudentManagerPro`, which `Person` references. This allows `StudentManagerPro` to only require one `Tag` object per unique tag, instead of each `Person` needing their own `Tag` objects.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** An alternative (arguably, a more OOP) model is given below. It has a `Tag` list in the `AddressBook`, which `Person` references. This allows `AddressBook` to only require one `Tag` object per unique tag, instead of each `Person` needing their own `Tag` objects.<br>
```

should remain as AddressBook as in the codebase and UML diagram, both still stated as AddressBook

1. Adding exam for all students currently in the list

    1. Test case: `addExam ex/Midterm`<br>

>        Expected: Exam with exam name Midterm is added to all students in StudentManagerPro. Confirmation message shown in the status message. Timestamp in the status bar is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Expected: Exam with exam name Midterm is added to all students in the student list. Confirmation message shown in the status message. Timestamp in the status bar is updated.
```
for consistency according to UG

    1. Prerequisites: The test for adding exam should be done first as the students must have an existing exam to be deleted.

    2. Test case: `deleteExam ex/Midterm`<br>

>        Expected: Exam with exam name Midterm is deleted from all students in StudentManagerPro. Confirmation message shown in the status message. Timestamp in the status bar is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Expected: Exam with exam name Midterm is deleted from all students in the student list. Confirmation message shown in the status message. Timestamp in the status bar is updated.
```

1. Adding submission for all students currently in the list

    1. Test case: `addSubmission sm/Assignment 1`<br>

>        Expected: Submission with submission name Assignment 1 is added to all students in the StudentManagerPro. Confirmation message shown in the status message. Timestamp in the status bar is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Expected: Submission with submission name Assignment 1 is added to all students in the student list. Confirmation message shown in the status message. Timestamp in the status bar is updated.
```
